                     Disney's
                  Beauty and the Beast

   Once upon a time, in a faraway land, a young prince lived in a shining
   castle.  Although he had everything he desired, he was spoiled, selfish, and
   unkind.
 One freezing night, an old beggar woman came to the castle.  She offered the
 Prince a red rose in return for shelter from the cold.  Repelled by her ragged
 appearance, he sneered at the gift and turned her away.
t's the girl I'm going to marry, "he vowed, "She's the only one who's worthy of
me."
 Just then, a loud explosion boomed from Belle's cottage. "Papa!" she cried,
 running for home.
 In the smoke-filled cottage, Belle was relieved to find her father, Maurice, in
 one piece.  "What happened, Papa?" she asked, gazing at the ruins of his newest
 invention.
  "I'll never get this hunk of junk to work!" cried Maurice in frustration,
  giving his contraption a kick.
  "Yes, you will, Papa!" shid Belle.
 Maurice set off with the invention, Belle called after her father, "You'll win
 first prize at the fair!" Their patient horse, Philippe, carried Maurice and
 pulled the heavy cart behind them.  A could fog soon swallowed up the
 travelers.
 Hours later, they were still on the road.  Absent minded Maurice pulled out his
 map and exclaimed, "This thing is printed upside down!"  We'll never get there.
 Come on, Philippe - let's take this shortcut through the woods".
 Philippe whinnied nervously at the gathering darkeness.  Mist rose around them,
 and a cloud of bats took flight.  Maurice looked back fearfully at the sound of
 prowling wolves, and Philippe reared up in alarm and lunged forward.
 roused him to action. He fled down a dark hillside, dodging gnarled branches
 and knobby roots, until he stumbled on a huge, ornate gate, rusty from disuse.
 Desperately, he wrenched the gate open and fell through it, slamming it behind
 him just as the wolves attacked!
 Breathless, Maurice crossed the neglected grounds of a forbidding castle and
 approached the door.  When no one answered his knock, he stepped cautiously
 inside.
  "Hello?" he called into the vast, echoing chamber.
  "Not a word!" whispered a mantel clock to a golden chadelabra.
  "Oh, Cogsworth...have a heart," the candelabra replied. Then he called, "You
  are welcome here, Monsieur!"
 Maurice was amazed to see a talking candelabra.
 Maurice sank into a chair as Cogsworth looked around nervously for his master.
 Guests were never allowed at the castle.  Then a tea cart arrived with
 Mrs.Potts, the teapot, and her son, Chip.
ston, all dressed up.  "Come in," said Belle reluctantly.  She didn't know that
a crowd had gathered outside to watch Gaston propose to her, then marry her on
the spot! Gaston demanded, "Say you'll marry me!"
 Belle backed up against the door as he advanced on her.  "I'm very sorry,
 Gaston," she stammered, "but...but...I just don't deserve you! But thanks for
 asking!"
 Belle's fingers found the doorknob and she pulled the door open, causing Gaston
 to tumble out.  He landed in a mud puddle, just as his friend Lefou struck up
 the wedding band!
 Gaston got up from the puddle.  "she's just playing hard to get, "he told the
 starting crowd.  Then he stomped away.
 after the crowd had gone home, Belle went into the yard to feed the chickens.
 Hearing a familiar whinny, she turned to welcome her father - and saw that
 Philippe had returned alone!
  "Philippe!" she cried.  "Where's Papa?" The big horse snorted and whinnied
  anxiously.
  "What happened?" asked the terrified Belle. "Oh, you must take me to him!"
 Belle gathered her skirt and leaped astride the tired horse, who turned bravely
 and thundered back toward the dark forest.
 Horse and rider plunged into the gloomy trees, but Philippe slowed down as they
 approached the crossroads.  "Which way, Philippe?" asked Belle.
 Reluctantly, Philippe headed downhill, into the mist-shrouded woods where he
 had left Maurice.  Soon they arrived at the gates of the forbidding castle.
 "What is this place?"  asked Belle in wonder.
 Timindly, Belle entered the silent castle.  "Papa?" she called.  "Are you here?
 It's Belle."  Cogsworth, Lumiere, and Mrs.Potts, astonished, followed her
 silently through the halls.
  "Don't you see?" Lumiere whispered to Cogsworth and Mrs.Potts, "She's the one
  we've been waiting for-the one who will break the spell!".
 At last, Belle found Maurice in the remote dungeon.  "Oh, Papa," she exclaimed.
 "Your hands are freezing! We have to get you out of there."
 Suddenly, Belle sensed danger and whirled around to see a massive shape in the
 shadows.  "I'm the master of this castle,"  the Beast growled.
  "Please!" she exclaimed.  "Let my father out of here.  He's sick."
  "He shouldn't have trespassed here," replied the Beast.
  "Then take me insted!"  Belle demanded.  The Beast stepped out of the shadows,
  and when she saw him clearly - she gasped in horror.
  "You must promise to stay here forever," said the Beast.
  "You have my word,"  Belle replied steadily, despite her fear.
  "Belle, no!" cried Mourice.  "You don't know what you're doing!"  But the
  Beast dragged him from the cell and took him to the courtyard.
g.  "I'll show you to your room,"  he said gruffly, not knowing what else to do.
As Belle followed him, he added,  "You can go anywhere you like...except the
West Wing.  That's forbidden."
 The Beast opened the door to a comfortable bedroom and said awkwardly,
 "You'll...uh...join  me for dinner."  Belle was left alone with the Wardrobe -
 who was thrilled to have a beautiful girl to dress.
  "Well, now," said the Wardrobe cheerfully, "what shall we dress you in for
  dinner?"  She flung open her doors.
  "That's very kind of you," said Belle, gazing at herself in the Wardrobe's
  mirrored door.  "But I'm not going to dinner."
  "Oh, but you must!"  cried the Wardrobe anxiously, just as Cogsworth appeared.
ll is broken.  We'll be human again by midnight!"
  "It's not that easy, Lumiere," said Mrs.Potts.  "These things take time."
  "It's no use," said the Beast.  "But if she doesn't eat with me, then she
  doesn't eat at all!"
 Back in the village, at the tavern, Gaston was brooding about Belle when
 Maurice burst into the room, muddy and wild-eyed.  "Help" he cried.  "He's got
 Belle locked in a dungeon.  We must go!"
  "Slow down, Maurice,"  demanded Gaston.  "Who's got Belle locked in a
  dungeon?"
  "A beast!" cried Maurice.  "A horrible, monstrous beast!"
 The others burst out laughing, convinced that the old inventor was crazy. As
 two of Gaston's cronies were about to hustle Maurice to the door, Gaston
 narrowed his eye in thought.  Pulling Lefou aside, he said, "I have a plan..."
 Later that night, Belle got very hungry.  She found her way to the kitchen and
 heard the Stove complaining to Mrs.Potts: "I work and slave all day long, and
 for what? A culinary masterpiece gone to waste!"
 Belle stared curiously at the stove, which fell silent when it saw her.
  "I am a little hungry," Belle confided to Mrs.Potts.
  "Yor are?" cried Mrs.Potts excitedly. "Stoke the fire!" she called to
  Cogsworth and Lumiere.  "Break out the silver! Wake the china!"
o as Lumiere conducted! The Feather Dusters formed a lively chorus line that
swept up the sputtering Cogsworth.
 It was a wonderful cabaret show, staged for the castle's first guest in ten
 years.  Mrs.Potts bubbled with delight.  The serving pieces brought in one
 delicious course after another.
 When the banquet was over, Belle stood up and cheered.  "Bravo! That was
 wonderful!" she exclaimed, clapping.  "Now I'd like to look around, if that's
 all right."
ng thing was the enchanted Rose, glowing inside a bell jar.  When Belle reached
out to touch the Rose, the Beast leaped into the room!
  "Why did you come here!" he roared.  "Get out!"
ith the wolves following close behind.  Philippe reared in terror as a wolf
snapped at his heels.  Belle was thrown off, and Philippe's reins caught in a
tree branch.
ere no match for the Beasr's fury.  One of them bit his arm before he sent it
flying with a sweep of his great paw.  The wolf slammed against a tree and lay
still.  Then the rest of the pack slunk away.  The Beast staggered and fell to
the ground.
 Belle knew that she could escape, but when she saw that the Beast was badly
 wounded, she stayed.
 Supporting the Beast between them, Belle and Philippe went back to the castle.
 When Belle tried to put a compress on the Beast's arm, he roared, "That hurts!"
  "If you'd hold still," said Belle, "it wouldn't hurt as much!"
  "If you hadn't run away," sulked the Beast, "this wouldn't have happened." But
  he let her tie her scarf around his arm as a bandage.
the Beast sat in a small cahir and tried to eat with spoon.
 Later, Belle read the story of King Arthur and Queen Guinevere to the Beast.
 The tale was so romantic that Lumiere cried.  Even Cogsworth wiped away a tear
 before he sent everyone back to work.
 Soon afterward, the Beast shyly led Belle to the ballroom, where they danced to
 a beautiful love song.  Then they went onto the terrace.
 The Beast asked, "Belle, are you happy here...with me?"
  "If only I could see my father again, just for a moment," Belle answerd.
  "There is a way," said the Beast, and he brought out the enchanted Mirror.
When they looked into it, they were shocked to see Maurice lost in the forest,
shaking with cold as he searched for Belle.
  "Papa!" cried Belle.  "Oh, no, he's sick and alone!"
  "Then you must go to him," said the Beast.  Handing her the Mirror, he said
  "Take it with you, so you'll have a way to look back...and remember me."
  "Thank you for understanding how much he needs me," said Belle, touching the
  Beast's paw.  Then she ran to the courtyard and rode away, as the Beast
  watched from his balcony.
 When the Beast went inside, he said sadly to Cogsworth, "I let her go."
  "Yor what?" cried Cogsworth. "How could you?"
  "I had to."
  "Why?" asked Cogsworth, near tears.
  "Because I love her," sighed the Beast.
 With the Mirror's help, Belle found Maurice and brought him home.  He was
 delirious with fever and dangerously sick.
 When Maurice began to recover, he could scarcely believe that the Beast had let
 Belle go.  "That horrible beast?"  he asked in amazement.
  "But he's different now, Papa," said Belle quietly.  "He changed somehow."
 Just then, there was a knock on the door.
 Belle opened the door to see a strange man standing in front of the villagers
 and a van marked Insane Asylum.  Monsieur D'Arque, director of the asylum,
 said, "I've come to collect your father."
  "My father's not crazy!" said Belle angrily.
  "He was raving about a huge beast!" said Lefou.  He know that Gaston planned
  to have Maurice locked up unless Belle agreed to marry him.
 children!"  He'll come after them in the night!  I say we kill the Beast!"  The
 mob cheered.
  "I won't let you do this!"  cried Belle.  But Gaston locked her and Maurice in
  the cellar as the villagers gathered weapons and torches.
 Guided by the Mirror, Gaston led the mob through the forest.  On the way they
 chopped dowm a tree to use as a battering ram.  Cogsworth, Lumiere, and
 Mrs.Potts saw them from the window.
  "Sacre bleu!" cried Lumiere.  "Invaders!"
  "Warn the master!"  cried Cogsworth.  "We'll be ready for them.  Who's with
  me?  The others had already scattered to alert the household and prepare a
  defense.
 The battering ram crashed through the door, and the villagers entered the
 castle.  At first, all was quiet.  Then they were confronted by a host of angry
 Objects: pitchers and ladles, pots and pails prepared to do battle.
neither knew that Belle and Maurice were galloping toward the castle.  Chip had
stowed away in Belle's saddlebag before she returned to the village.  When she
and Maurice were locked up, he had used maurice's invention to break down the
door!
 When Belle arrived, she saw that Gaston had forced the Beast onto the balcony.
 She watched in horror as he clubbed the unresisting Beast, driving him toward
 the edge of the steep roof.
  "No!" cried Belle.  She rode Philippe into the castle and up the stairs.
 At the sound of Bell's viece, the Beast was roused to fight off his attacker.
 As Belle reached his lair, he grabbed Gaston and gripped him tightly by the
 throat.  "Let me go!" pleaded Gaston.  "I'll do anything!"
 The Beast struggled with himself, but he had become too human to kill.
 Growling, he pushed Gaston away and turned to Belle.
 As Belle and the Beast embraced, Gaston pulled knife from his boot and stabbed
 the Beast in the back.
 With a cry of pain, the Beast turned on his attacker.  Terrified, Gaston took a
 step backward.
 As Gaston backed away, his foot caught on the rain gutter.  He tripped and
 plunged from the roof.  A great hush fell over the castle as rain splattered
 the balcony.
 The Beast looked at Belle, then collapsed.
 Belle ran to the Beast's side and embraced him. "You came back," he said
 weakly, trying to smile.  "At least...I got to see you one last time."
 Struggling against tears, Belle cried, "Don't talk like that! You'll be all
 right."  In the Beast's lair, the Rose's last petal was about to fall.
  "Maybe it's better...this way," said the Beast.
  "No!" cried Belle, overcome by tears.  She leaned down to kiss him and said,
  "I love you."
 As Belle wept, the last petal fell.
Suddenly, the rain began to shimmer and sparkle.  belle looked up and saw the
air glittering with magic.
 The Beast's eyes bliked open.  His paws had been transformed into human hands!
 He touched his face and found that it was smooth.  The spell was broken! The
 wilted Rose had burst into full bloom.
her love had restored to human form.
 One by one, the members of the Prince's household became human again.  They
 hugged each other with tears of joy, as the magic carried Belle and the Prince
 into the ballroom.  There they began to dance.
 Afterward, they stood on the balcony as the sun broke through the mist that had
 shrouded the castle for so long.  The sun shone on the beautiful Belle and her
 handsome prince, whose love had finally broken the spell.

                                                 Weon-pyo, Hong

                                                  I.D.  Kongjui
